There have been certain pivotal events in the modern
Theocratic history of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The Countdowns are invented.
Their kings have had their day.
Advertise, advertise, advertise the king and his kingdom.
May it be known that we are Jehovah's Witnesses.
The New World Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures.
October 5, 2013.
Jersey City Assembly Hall, USA.
The program was streamed to 1,830 locations
in the English-speaking territories of seven branches.
Well, what can we expect at this 129th annual meeting?
Well, food at the proper time be served.
Well, Bible truths be refined.
Absolutely.
Mark Sanderson, a member of the governing body,
warmed hearts and ignited excitement,
announcing a new Bible display.
We truly love the Bible.
And so the chosen theme for this display would be
the Bible and the divine name.
We want to invite you all to come
and see this beautiful display.
Garrett Loesch of the governing body
summarized the week's lesson from the watchtower.
You have been washed clean.
You have been sanctified.
Program chairman and governing body member Guy Pierce
announced the year text for 2014.
Matthew 6, verse 10.
Let your kingdom come.
Two video presentations follow.
The first, a precious gift from Jehovah,
traced events leading up to the production
of the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures
and highlighted its value to lovers of God's word worldwide.
So we would like to travel down memory lane with you.
In the second video, Samuel heard of the governing body
interviewed four long-time members of the U.S. Bethel family
who were present at the New World Translations'
initial release in 1950.
That evening when Brother Nor raised high,
that volume of the New World Translation
and announced the release.
And there was so much excitement, everybody.
Marrowing that historic event,
governing body member Jeffrey Jackson,
delivered a talk that would provide another
theocratic milestone.
And we're pleased to announce at this annual meeting
that the work on this revision
recently was completed.
You don't have to wait at all.
Here it is, the newly released revised edition
of the New World Translation.
We're sure it will touch your hearts.
It will motivate you to hear God's word
in your own language, 21st century English.
Well, now you have it in your hands.
Likely, some of you are going through trying to open to pages
that is gilded and it's kind of hard to open.
Maybe it's nothing to help you.
Hold your Bible in your two hands and give it a twist.
During this part, I'm not going to have you
twist God's word like Brother Pierce had you do.
Stephen Let of the governing body
next detailed several features of the revised edition
of the New World Translation,
which will be useful in the ministry and in personal study.
That in this revised edition,
the name Jehovah appears six more times than previously.
U.S. Branch Committee member, John Ekran,
sustained the excitement by demonstrating the use
of the newly released JW Library app on computers
and mobile devices.
It's really been designed to help you
to study the Bible along with the text.
We think you're going to find that this application
is going to be the ideal digital companion
to the Bible that you now have in your hand.
In the talk, translating God's word
so as to convey correct meaning,
governing body member Anthony Morris
outlined the translation principles used.
For a good translation of the Bible
makes the message it contains understandable to sincere people
regardless of their background.
When you get into your Bible reading it,
you're going to see that the New World Translation Committee
was guided by these principles.
So we encourage you, brothers and sisters,
feast at Jehovah's Table, enjoy and rejoice
in this wonderful gift God's given to all of us,
the revised New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
In the final talk of the day,
governing body member David Spleen showed how the revised New World Translation
affects our understanding even of Jehovah's name.
Did you get the point?
It's not just a matter of Jehovah's becoming
whatever he needs to become.
That would limit Jehovah.
But Jehovah can also cause his creation
to become whatever he chooses.
And yes, the great Jehovah can cause you
to succeed at any assignment he gives you
whether at Bethel or in the field.
So our prayer is that your reading
and study of the revised New World Translation
will draw you closer, ever closer to Jehovah
and may he ever be your father, your God, and your friend.